(Shide laughs)
I actually thought I was dead, Shinpei.
Shide...
(cooing)
Heine...
No, Hiruko.
You're worthless now.
(gasps)
SHIDE: You've shrunken so much.
-There's no way you'll recover.
-(whimpers)
Your eyes are broken now, too.
What a disappointment.
But look at your right eye!
That's the observer's right eye.
You must be the egg.
You've just awakened.
But why?
When Heine looked,
most of your data was corrupt.
I didn't realize that had become
what you developed into.
I guess only someone like you
would be able to recreate that.
(laughs)
So that's the power of love!
If I can take your eye,
I am going to get what I want.
MASAHITO: I couldn't take it from Shinpei
who had it in the fourth loop,
but I can take it from the egg
who still has it.
USHIOH: If what he wants is really
what I saw in his mind at that moment...
I'm not letting him get it!
BABY HEINE: Shide, wait.
I can still do it.
If I eat enough humans, I'll get better.
So please come home with me.
(sighs)
Maybe you can take Ushioh's eye
and give it to me.
SHIDE: I don't need you anymore.
What do you mean?
But isn't Heine your mother?
So? I don't care about the past.
(Ushioh grunts)
Shide!
And you call yourself human?
SHIDE: I do need Hiruko alive, though,
because my armor
would disappear without her.
I'll take you home, as you wish.
(sobbing)
BABY HEINE: No, I'm not going like this.
-(Baby Heine screams)
-(grunts)
SHIDE: Come, observer.
Let's settle the matter there. Shall we?
(Shinpei grunts)
SHINPEI: Ushioh! Give me Nezu's gun!
(static)
(gunshot)
(grunting)
(groans)
-SHINPEI: Shide!
-(Shide laughing)
(Shinpei groaning)
Shinpei!
(suspenseful music)
(wind swooshing)
(whimpering)
Ugh! Thanks.
USHIOH: No, Shinpei,
you're being drawn in!
SHINPEI: I'm weak. Too weak.
Mortals can't go past this point.
If you do, you can't leave or die.
You'll end up lost.
(grunts)
But...
I can go alone from here.
No! I'm not leaving you again!
You hear me?
Don't be stubborn, you dummy!
Weren't you listening to me?
Ryu, can you hear me? Take Shinpei and go!
If I leave you now,
my sister will never forgive me.
Ryu.
SHINPEI: She promised you something.
RYUNOSUKE:
And I'm going to keep it for her.
I will be Shinpei's support.
I promise, I won't let him get lost.
(Ushioh gasps)
I'll follow your presence. Always!
SHINPEI: I'll be by your side.
I love you, Ushioh,
and I want to be with you forever.
Do you have a problem with that?
USHIOH: Dummy.
(wind swooshing)
(grunting)
SOU: Shinpei!
(gasps)
Sou! Take care of everyone.
-(static)
-(overlapping chatter)
(silence)
(cicadas chirping)
(Shinpei groaning)
Ushioh!
(grunts)
SHINPEI: This is Heine's home.
(gasps)
Where's Ushioh?
SHINPEI: The flow of time ends here.
It's just like what Dr. Hishigata said.
Huh?
SHINPEI: Time doesn't flow here.
It's stagnant.
I don't think I can go back by looping.
If I die, that's probably it.
This isn't good.
(Shinpei grunts)
Ushioh!
(voice echoing)
SHINPEI: I just had her!
I was holding her hand!
I know she's here.
The shotgun she printed is still here.
SHINPEI: So she's within 50 meters.
I can sense her, too.
But she's on the move.
Let's go after her!
(grunts)
(groans)
RYUNOSUKE: Shinpei! I'm sorry.
It's because I jumped.
SHINPEI: No, I told you to go after Shide
with everything I've got.
This is nothing compared
to what Ms. Nagumo went through.
Mm.
RYUNOSUKE: Let me control your body.
I'll take on the pain.
But then you'll be hurting.
I'll be okay. Since I'm a shadow.
I can definitely make it hurt a lot less.
RYUNOSUKE:
Besides, it's not just your leg injury.
Your entire body is starting to give out.
If I don't support you internally,
you won't have a chance here.
(chimes)
How does it feel?
I'm gonna move your body now.
SHINPEI: It feels weird.
My body is numb, but I'm still conscious.
It's usually like that for me, too.
Being just a conscience
is weird, isn't it?
Yes, but it's kind of like stepping back.
I can get used to it.
Ms. Ushio!
Can you hear me?
Ms. Ushioh!
(grunts)
Ryunosuke, is this Hitogashima?
It does look similar with the sea
and the Wakayama mainland.
It does.
RYUNOSUKE: Hey, Shinpei?
I meant to tell you this earlier.
SHINPEI: What is it?
You don't have to be so proper with me.
Huh?
RYUNOSUKE:
After all, you are older than me.
SHINPEI: No, no, you're the same age
as Ms. Nagumo,
so you're way older!
RYUNOSUKE: Oh, no. I'm in middle school.
When I died, that is.
Ushioh started calling me Ryu immediately.
Yeah. Well, she's really friendly
with everyone.
SHINPEI: I'm not the type
who's super casual
just 'cause you're younger.
RYUNOSUKE: Are you always so proper
with everyone?
Yeah. I'm more casual
with people my age, but...
Oh. Then what about Mio?
You're super casual with her.
That actually took a while to get used to.
Hmm... I'm a little bit jealous.
Well, then. I'm gonna be casual with you!
-What?
-So totally be casual with me! Okay?
The way I speak is how I show respect.
It doesn't mean we're not close.
No, how we talk to each other
is super important!
So please just do it!
Uh...
(chuckles)
What... What's so funny?
It makes me want to get
to know you more, Ryunosuke.
Oh, wow!
-Really?
-(Heine singing)
(Shinpei gasps)
Hold on.
SHINPEI: Look.
(Heine singing)
(cocks gun)
(foreboding music)
A ball?
I've seen it before.
SHINPEI: It's Heine's ball.
(gasps)
Let's go after it.
RYUNOSUKE: Right.
(Heine singing)
SHINPEI: Ryunosuke, you see that sign?
KOBAYAKAWA STORE
Uh, Kobayakawa Store?
(gasps)
SHINPEI: What...
What are these things?
(mumbling)
(shadows giggling)
KOBAYAKAWA STORE
(Heine singing)
Do you think they're shadows?
Not sure, but the good thing
is they're not attacking us.
(bells clinking)
(gasps)
SHINPEI: Ushioh!
(static)
(Ushioh sobbing)
Ushioh, are you okay?
Tell me what happened!
(Ushioh groans)
USHIOH: Shinpei...
My head...
-(Ushioh groaning)
-(Shinpei gasps)
RYUNOSUKE: This... This presence...
-(static)
-RYUNOSUKE: It's Heine!
(Ryunosuke gasps)
I promised Ushioh.
HIZURU: Her body is a part of Heine's.
If Ushioh loses herself
and Heine ever appears again,
I'll kill her.
HIZURU: If I'm no longer around,
Ryunosuke...
(screaming)
HIZURU: You need to keep that promise.
-(Ushioh screaming)
-(static)
RYUNOSUKE:
Shinpei, I'm gonna shoot! I will!
Okay?
Shinpei?
Hold it, Ryunosuke. It's saying something.
(whimpering)
It's okay, Ryu. It's fine now.
USHIOH: She's different.
She's not the evil Heine who killed you.
(panting)
Her consciousness split at that moment,
into the human Heine and Hiruko.
(Ushioh breathes heavily)
So then who's inside you, Ushioh?
USHIOH: She's the girl who loved sweets,
Ms. Nagumo's friend.
Her friend?
Right. And she's also...
me.
This Heine wants to talk to you.
-RYUNOSUKE: Oh.
-Will you listen to her?
-Uh...
-Mm.
Thank you.
(static)
Nice to meet you.
So you're...
-(whimpers)
-Huh?
Oh, you don't have to be shy.
They're Hizuru's friends, Heine.
Okay.
HEINE: I was in a long dream,
in Ushioh's memory.
I'm sorry, Shinpei, Ryunosuke.
I got everyone involved,
you, and Hizuru, and Ushio.
(sobs)
Everyone died because of me.
SHINPEI:
You don't have to apologize, Heine.
HEINE: Huh?
Hiruko was the one who ate me,
and that's what Hiruko always does.
RYUNOSUKE: Blame Shide
for taking advantage of that.
You're going to fight Shide?
(Heine sighs)
We're in the Everlasting Night.
It exists above our real world.
Over here, time doesn't move.
Shinpei and Ushioh,
can you see how amazing that is?
Mm-hm.
Now, look at Ryunosuke with those eyes.
Ah! He isn't ahead of us.
-Oh, you're right.
-(Shinpei gasps)
I've been talking without any lapse.
That's why he brought us here.
Because time stands still,
I can't loop, and we can't see the future.
HEINE: He's trying
to steal Ushioh's eye here.
The one with the awakened eye
sees beyond the current world.
He'll have control
of the current life, time, and space.
It's like in the 3D world,
we're able to pick up a comic book
without difficulty,
and easily throw it away
or burn it at will.
-Wow!
-What? You can't be serious!
It doesn't feel like I can do that at all!
It just awakened, so it seems unstable.
You're in the Everlasting Night, too.
You should know
that the eye functions best in this world.
The ending.
(gasps)
USHIOH: It's the thought that I saw
when I scanned Shide.
He wants to destroy the world,
as if he's turning off
the power after a game.
There's nothing after that.
It's really the end.
(blasts)
(alarm blaring)
Oh, my. This sound is familiar.
(static)
REPORTER:
Central military district information.
B29s are headed North from Kii Channel.
Two hundred fifty enemy bombers
are bound North in five squadrons.
One has circled over Awajishima,
and headed Southeast.
May you Wakayama citizens live.
It's the air raid siren!
(whistling)
(grunting)
SHINPEI: Ushioh!
USHIOH: Stay down, Ryu!
Ushioh, don't make a shadow on the ground.
SHINPEI: The fire is dangerous.
Try to make your body
as small as possible!
I'm okay! Shadows don't die here.
This doesn't hurt one bit.
(Shide laughs)
Shide!
SHIDE: Nothing can touch me,
no matter what you do.
You look like slugs down there!
Ushioh, first I'm gonna burn up your body,
then I will easily take your eye.
SHINPEI: So about what you were saying...
Shide wants to return to our world
after taking your eye, right?
Then that means
there must be a way to get back.
Shinpei, you're right!
We kill Hiruko. You'll still be able
to do that in the Everlasting Night.
HEINE: The Everlasting Night
disappears with Hiruko.
We can go back to the current world.
You got it.
SHINPEI: But how?
Shide is way up in the sky.
Leave that to me.
HEINE: This air raid is Hiruko's memory.
BABY HEINE: It's hot. I'm burning.
Don't make me relive
something like this.
(suspenseful music)
It's a memory?
The Everlasting Night is linked
to Hiruko's memory,
although I doubt this is
a past Hiruko wants to remember.
Calm down, little one.
Even if it hurts, it won't kill you.
Your pain gives them pain.
-(Masahito giggling)
-(Baby Heine shrieking)
It's Shide! He's forcing the memory!
HEINE: Ushioh, jump at my signal.
-USHIOH: What?
-HEINE: I have this memory, too.
I can push it back for a little while.
But beware of Shide's armor.
Just like an echo,
it reflects any attacks directed at it
back to the opponent.
SHINPEI: To beat Shide, you have
to hack him and erase the armor first.
Then we kill the inside.
It's a two-step process.
But after the first step,
he'll get to Ushioh.
No, I won't die.
-USHIOH: Mioh gave me something.
-(gasps)
USHIOH: Finish him off in two steps.
No matter what happens,
before all of my hair burns off.
All right. I can hold it for a few seconds
to create a path for you, Ushio.
(tense music)
Do you trust me?
-RYUNOSUKE: We do.
-(gasps)
If my sister befriended you,
you're my friend, too.
Ryunosuke.
Right, Shinpei?
Yeah.
Thank you.
-I'm ready.
-(static)
HEINE: Right.
(grunting softly)
(missiles whistling)
(Heine grunting)
(grunting continues)
Go, now!
(grunts)
(epic music)
MASAHITO: So I see,
you got Heine on your side.
HEINE: I'm counting on you, Ushioh.
Please stop Shide.
Let Hiruko rest in peace.
(suspenseful music)
Leave it to me!
MASAHITO: At this height,
I can't get to Ushioh's body.
USHIOH: Ugh! They're fast and massive!
I can't avoid them with my hair.
I'll kill you
even if I have to die for it!
USHIOH: Huh?
(gasps)
What is he...
SHIDE: Even if you have to die?
USHIOH: There's nothing inside.
That means I can't even cross-counter.
So you read my mind. Did you?
He hacked...
(scoffs)
(flash squeals)
MASAHITO: She revived? Did she eat
a part of the original Ushio?
USHIOH: Then take this!
MASAHITO: What did she do?
(Masahito grunts)
The air raid stopped.
What... What happened?
MASAHITO: She touched me
to erase the memory of the air raid.
-USHIOH: Shinpei, can you hear me?
-SHINPEI: Ushioh!
USHIOH: I know now.
Shide's body is in the current world.
SHINPEI: Current world?
USHIOH: He's remotely controlling
his armor using Hiruko.
If there's nothing inside,
there's not much we can do.
(soft grunt)
What does Shide's armor look like now?
(grunts)
USHIOH: The left half disappeared
after I erased it.
SHINPEI: Then erase the rest
and go for the win.
Uh, Ushioh?
Ushioh!
(closing theme music)